# Overview

MMOCR is an open source toolkit based on [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) and [MMDetection](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection), supporting numerous OCR-related models, including text detection, text recognition, and key information extraction. In addition, it supports widely-used academic datasets and provides many useful tools, assisting users in exploring various aspects of models and datasets and implementing high-quality algorithms. Generally, it has the following features.

- **One-stop, Multi-model**: MMOCR supports various OCR-related tasks and implements the latest models for text detection, recognition, and key information extraction.
- **Modular Design**: MMOCR's modular design allows users to define and reuse modules in the model on demand.
- **Various Practical Tools**: MMOCR provides a number of analysis tools, including visualizers, validation scripts, evaluators, etc., to help users troubleshoot, finetune or compare models.
- **Powered by [OpenMMLab](https://openmmlab.com/)**: Like other algorithm libraries in the family, MMOCR follows OpenMMLab's rigorous development guidelines and interface conventions, significantly reducing the learning cost for users familiar with the algorithm libraries under the OpenMMLab family. In addition, benefiting from the unified standard among OpenMMLab, you can easily call the models implemented in other OpenMMLAB family libraries (e.g. MMDetection) in MMOCR, satisfying the requirements for cross-domain research and real-world applications.

With the architecture upgrade of the OpenMMLab, MMOCR also refactored and upgraded the entire codebase. In this major update, a large amount of redundant code and duplicate implementations have been removed, several key methods have been made more efficient, and the overall framework design has become more uniform. Considering that there are some backward incompatible changes in this version compared to 0.x, we have prepared a detailed [migration guide](../migration/overview.md). It lists all the changes made in the new version and the steps required to migrate. We hope this guide can help users familiar with the old framework to complete the upgrade as quickly as possible. Though this may take some time, we believe that the new features brought by MMOCR and the OpenMMLab ecosystem will make it all worthwhile. 😊

Now, please select the section you need to read according to your actual needs. We recommend that beginners go through [Get Started-Quick Run](quick_run.py) to get familiar with MMOCR and master the usage of MMOCR by reading the examples in \[Usesr Guide\]. Intermediate and advanced developers are suggested to learn the background, conventions, and recommended implementations of each component from \[Basic Concepts\]. In addition, if you can't find the answers you need in the documentation, feel free to raise an [issue](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmocr/issues) or even submit a [pull request](https://github.com/open-mmlab/) mmocr/pulls) to participate in the construction of the MMOCR community.
