configs/ner/bert_softmax/README.md, before:

# Chinese Named Entity Recognition using BERT + Softmax

## Introduction

[ALGORITHM]
```bibtex
@article{devlin2018bert,
  title={Bert: Pre-training of deep bidirectional transformers for language understanding},
  author={Devlin, Jacob and Chang, Ming-Wei and Lee, Kenton and Toutanova, Kristina},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.04805},
  year={2018}
}
```

## Dataset

### Train Dataset

|  trainset  | text_num | entity_num |
| :--------: | :----------: | :--------: |
| CLUENER2020 |     10748     |     23338     |

### Test Dataset

|  testset  | text_num | entity_num |
| :--------: | :----------: | :--------: |
| CLUENER2020 |     1343     |     2982     |


## Results and models

|                                 Method                                 |Pretrain|  Precision  |   Recall  |  F1-Score |                Download                 |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------: |:-----------:|:-----------:| :--------:| :-------: | :-------------------------------------: |
|   [bert_softmax](/configs/ner/bert_softmax/bert_softmax_cluener_18e.py)| [pretrain](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/bert_pretrain.pth) |0.7885     |    0.7998 |  0.7941   |  [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/bert_softmax_cluener-eea70ea2.pth) \| [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/20210514_172645.log.json) |

Commit message:

[Docs] Update model readme (#604)
* update satrn

* Add intro and pic to readmes

* update stats.py

* abstract for tps

* Fix CRNN and TPS CRNN readme

configs/ner/bert_softmax/README.md, after:

# Chinese Named Entity Recognition using BERT + Softmax

## Abstract
<!-- [ABSTRACT] -->
We introduce a new language representation model called BERT, which stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. Unlike recent language representation models, BERT is designed to pre-train deep bidirectional representations from unlabeled text by jointly conditioning on both left and right context in all layers. As a result, the pre-trained BERT model can be fine-tuned with just one additional output layer to create state-of-the-art models for a wide range of tasks, such as question answering and language inference, without substantial task-specific architecture modifications.
BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful. It obtains new state-of-the-art results on eleven natural language processing tasks, including pushing the GLUE score to 80.5% (7.7% point absolute improvement), MultiNLI accuracy to 86.7% (4.6% absolute improvement), SQuAD v1.1 question answering Test F1 to 93.2 (1.5 point absolute improvement) and SQuAD v2.0 Test F1 to 83.1 (5.1 point absolute improvement).

<!-- [IMAGE] -->
<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22607038/142802652-ecc6500d-e5dc-4ffa-98f4-f5b247b9245c.png"/>
</div>


## Citation

<!-- [ALGORITHM] -->
```bibtex
@article{devlin2018bert,
  title={Bert: Pre-training of deep bidirectional transformers for language understanding},
  author={Devlin, Jacob and Chang, Ming-Wei and Lee, Kenton and Toutanova, Kristina},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.04805},
  year={2018}
}
```

## Dataset

### Train Dataset

|  trainset  | text_num | entity_num |
| :--------: | :----------: | :--------: |
| CLUENER2020 |     10748     |     23338     |

### Test Dataset

|  testset  | text_num | entity_num |
| :--------: | :----------: | :--------: |
| CLUENER2020 |     1343     |     2982     |


## Results and models

|                                 Method                                 |Pretrain|  Precision  |   Recall  |  F1-Score |                Download                 |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------: |:-----------:|:-----------:| :--------:| :-------: | :-------------------------------------: |
|   [bert_softmax](/configs/ner/bert_softmax/bert_softmax_cluener_18e.py)| [pretrain](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/bert_pretrain.pth) |0.7885     |    0.7998 |  0.7941   |  [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/bert_softmax_cluener-eea70ea2.pth) \| [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/ner/bert_softmax/20210514_172645.log.json) |
