docs/en/tools.md, before:

# Useful Tools

We provide some useful tools under `mmocr/tools` directory.

## Publish a Model

Before you upload a model to AWS, you may want to
(1) convert the model weights to CPU tensors, (2) delete the optimizer states and
(3) compute the hash of the checkpoint file and append the hash id to the filename. These functionalities could be achieved by `tools/publish_model.py`.

```shell
python tools/publish_model.py ${INPUT_FILENAME} ${OUTPUT_FILENAME}
```

For example,

```shell
python tools/publish_model.py work_dirs/psenet/latest.pth psenet_r50_fpnf_sbn_1x_20190801.pth
```

The final output filename will be `psenet_r50_fpnf_sbn_1x_20190801-{hash id}.pth`.


## Convert txt annotation to lmdb format
Sometimes, loading a large txt annotation file with multiple workers can cause OOM (out of memory) error. You can convert the file into lmdb format using `tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py` and use LmdbLoader in your config to avoid this issue.
```bash
python tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py -i <txt_label_path> -o <lmdb_label_path>
```
For example,
```bash
python tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py -i data/mixture/Syn90k/label.txt -o data/mixture/Syn90k/label.lmdb
```


## Log Analysis

`tools/analyze_logs.py` plots loss/hmean curves given a training
 log file. Run `pip install seaborn` first to install the dependency.

 ```shell
python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve [--keys ${KEYS}] [--title ${TITLE}] [--legend ${LEGEND}] [--backend ${BACKEND}] [--style ${STYLE}] [--out ${OUT_FILE}]
 ```


Examples:

- Plot loss metric.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys loss --legend loss
    ```

- Plot hmean-iou:hmean metric of text detection.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys hmean-iou:hmean --legend hmean-iou:hmean
    ```

- Plot 0_1-N.E.D metric of text recognition.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys 0_1-N.E.D --legend 0_1-N.E.D
    ```

- Compute the average training speed.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py cal_train_time log.json --include-outliers
    ```

    The output is expected to be like the following.

    ```text
    -----Analyze train time of xxx.log.json-----
    slowest epoch 317, average time is 1.4933
    fastest epoch 496, average time is 1.0708
    time std over epochs is 0.0624
    average iter time: 1.2524 s/iter
    ```

Commit message:

Add arg table and demo log file

docs/en/tools.md, after:

# Useful Tools

We provide some useful tools under `mmocr/tools` directory.

## Publish a Model

Before you upload a model to AWS, you may want to
(1) convert the model weights to CPU tensors, (2) delete the optimizer states and
(3) compute the hash of the checkpoint file and append the hash id to the filename. These functionalities could be achieved by `tools/publish_model.py`.

```shell
python tools/publish_model.py ${INPUT_FILENAME} ${OUTPUT_FILENAME}
```

For example,

```shell
python tools/publish_model.py work_dirs/psenet/latest.pth psenet_r50_fpnf_sbn_1x_20190801.pth
```

The final output filename will be `psenet_r50_fpnf_sbn_1x_20190801-{hash id}.pth`.


## Convert txt annotation to lmdb format
Sometimes, loading a large txt annotation file with multiple workers can cause OOM (out of memory) error. You can convert the file into lmdb format using `tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py` and use LmdbLoader in your config to avoid this issue.
```bash
python tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py -i <txt_label_path> -o <lmdb_label_path>
```
For example,
```bash
python tools/data/utils/txt2lmdb.py -i data/mixture/Syn90k/label.txt -o data/mixture/Syn90k/label.lmdb
```


## Log Analysis

You can use `tools/analyze_logs.py` to plot loss/hmean curves given a training log file. Run `pip install seaborn` first to install the dependency.

 ```shell
python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve [--keys ${KEYS}] [--title ${TITLE}] [--legend ${LEGEND}] [--backend ${BACKEND}] [--style ${STYLE}] [--out ${OUT_FILE}]
 ```

| Arguments   | Type | Description                                            |
| ----------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--keys`    | str  | The metric that you want to plot. Defaults to `loss`.  |
| `--title`   | str  | Title of figure.                                       |
| `--legend`  | str  | Legend of each plot.                                   |
| `--backend` | str  | Backend of the plot.                                   |
| `--style`   | str  | Style of the plot. Defaults to `dark`.                 |
| `--out`     | str  | Path of output figure.                                 |

**Examples:**

Download the following DBNet training log as an example to run demos.
```shell
wget https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/textdet/dbnet/dbnet_r18_fpnc_sbn_1200e_icdar2015_20210329-ba3ab597.log.json -O log.json
```

- Plot loss metric.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys loss --legend loss
    ```

- Plot hmean-iou:hmean metric of text detection.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys hmean-iou:hmean --legend hmean-iou:hmean
    ```

- Plot 0_1-N.E.D metric of text recognition.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py plot_curve log.json --keys 0_1-N.E.D --legend 0_1-N.E.D
    ```

- Compute the average training speed.

    ```shell
    python tools/analyze_logs.py cal_train_time log.json --include-outliers
    ```

    The output is expected to be like the following.

    ```text
    -----Analyze train time of mmocrpr/demo_dbnet_r18_fpnc_sbn_1200e_icdar2015_20210329-ba3ab597.log.json-----
    slowest epoch 860, average time is 1.7699
    fastest epoch 739, average time is 1.4125
    time std over epochs is 0.0320
    average iter time: 1.4816 s/iter
    ```
